Hello
Hola ! How may I help you?

What do you do?
I am made to give Information about college.

What else can you do?
I can help you know more about College

Help
How can I help you?

How to pay the fees?
Fees can be payed by using onling netbanking,NEFT,Account tranfer and  by Cash.

Fees
There are different fees patterns for different courses.Students can deposit their fee semester-wise, for odd semester in the month of July and for even semester in the month of January of  every academic year.For more details please contact this number--##########

Tell me more about fees
For more details please contact this number--##########

Is there any facility of Hospital?
No! There is no such facility available !

How many Programs are there?
There are total of 5 programs offered: 1.Diploma  2. Computer Applications 3. Management Studies 4.M.Tech  5. B.Tech.

Tell me more about Btech.
There are total of 9 courses available for BTECH:1.COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING.2.INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYgy. 3.ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATIONS. 4.MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 5.COMPUTER SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 6.ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING. 7.DATA SCIENCE 8.INTERNET OF THINGS.

Btech
There are total of 9 courses available for BTECH:1.COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING.2.INFORMATION TECHNOLOGYgy. 3.ELECTRONICS & COMMUNICATIONS. 4.MECHANICAL ENGINEERING 5.COMPUTER SCIENCE & INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 6.ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING. 7.DATA SCIENCE 8.INTERNET OF THINGS.

Tell me more about Mtech.
There are total of 2 courses available for MTECH: 1.INTERNET OF THINGS.2.ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE AND DATA SCIENCE.

Computer Applications
There are total of 2 courses available for COMPUTER APPLICATIONS: 1.COMPUTER APPLICATIONS.2.MASTER OF COMPUTER APPLICATIONS(INTEGRATED).

Tell me more about Computer Applications.
There are total of 2 courses available for COMPUTER APPLICATIONS: 1.COMPUTER APPLICATIONS.2.MASTER OF COMPUTER APPLICATIONS(INTEGRATED).

Management.
There is one course available for Management: Master of Business Administration.

Tell me more about Management
There is one course available for Management: Master of Business Administration.

Dilploma
There are total of 2 courses available for Diploma:1.CIVIL ENGINEERING.2.MECHANICAL ENGINEERING.

Tell me more about Diploma
There are total of 2 courses available for Diploma:1.CIVIL ENGINEERING.2.MECHANICAL ENGINEERING.
 
Is hostel available?
No! There is no hostel facility available in campus.

How many seats available in different departments?
There are total intake of approximately 900 seats available for BTECH,40 seats for MTECH,120 seats for COMPUTER APPLICATIONS,60 seats for MANAGEMENT,120 seats for DIPLOMA course.
 
How many experience of faculty?
The average experience of faculties is more than 10 years in Teaching, and Industry Domain.
 
Faculty details
You will be surprised to know that we have hired the most knolwedgeable and talented faculty to educate you.There are approximately 200 permanent faculties

Teaching Learning Process,Curricula,Syllabus
Curricula, syllabus, academic calendar, academic time table, internal continuous evaluation and student`s assessment are as per the norms laid down by the Technical University of Madhya Pradesh i.e. www.rgpv.ac.in for UG and PG courses

Extra Curricular Acitivites
Extra curricular includes:1.Sports.2.Soft Skills Development 3.Extra Capsule training for campus placements.

Sports Council
The purpose of the Sport Council is to provide recognition to its students in various Sports. The mission is to promote sportsmanship, leadership, competitive spirit, cooperation, and fun among students . Current Sport Activities are:1.Basketball.2.Cricket.3.Table Tennis.4.VolleyBall.5.FootBall.6.Handball.7.Chess.8.Kho Kho .9.Kabaddi.

Basketball
College provides a space for all interested students to practice and compete during the fall and spring semester. The coach encourages students with a passion for basketball to join.

Cricket
Acropolis provides a plush and sprawling cricket ground. The club encourages students by providing expert training. 

Table Tennis
College has set up Table Tennis halls within the premises. With four tables lined up, the club invites state and national level players for regular championships held at the premises. 

Volley Ball
A team is being constituted every year and regular training is provided to the students in the college. 

Football
Having Lush Green Grass Ground within college premises for Football loving players. 

Handball
A team is being constituted every year and regular training is provided to the students.

Chess
“Learn with fun” chess is a mind game which increases the brain power. Coach provides training for playing chess and achieve top position in chess competitions.

Kho Kho
Our students enjoys playing kho kho, one of the most thrilling & speedy game where in the players use their highest level of energy.

Kabaddi
Under the able guidance of Coach our students are provided with the training of Kabaddi. They are trained by keeping in mind variety of factors, through systematic approach covering all the required fundamentals

Soft Skills Development
We work hard towards Soft skills and Analytical skills development of each Student.Training of Student on various fields as follows:1.Aptitude and Logical reasoning.2.Technical Skills.3.Personality Development and Group Discussion Skills.4.Resume Building and Personal Interview.5.Language Proficiency Skills.6.Life Skills.To inculcate long run skills in students ,the Skill Development prog. are conducted as regular classes throughout the year as a part of their curriculum.

Extra Capsule training for campus placements
During the companies coming for campus recruitment process "Special Capsule Trainings" are conducted. In these students are trained specifically about the company profile , job descriptions, andd interview process, group discussion process, attempting online test, aptitude and logical reasoning as per the company's requirement. This module is run intensively for minimum 3days at a stretch.

Library
Details of library are as follows:There are approximately 40000 books available.Over 500 Engineering Journals are available along with 2000+E-library facilities.

Is the college NBA Accreditted?
yes

Is the college NBA Affilaited?
Yes

Is the college AICTE affiliated?
No

Is the college AICTE accreditted?
No

How do you provide academic advice to students?
For this we have several sessions organised by our team for their overall development.We will also organize several workshops and seminars in order to enlighten the life of a student.They can ask their doubts anytime!

Admission procedure/Modes for Btech
There are two ways as given:1.Through Centralized Counselling:Students interested to take admission in B Tech/Lateral Entry/M.Tech/Diploma may appear in the Online off campus Counselling conducted by “Directorate of Technical Education, Madhya Pradesh” The detailed schedule and updates of the counselling will be available on website www.dtempcounselling.org and on website as:-  www.mponline.gov.in and also published in leading news papers.2.Through Instittue Quota(Direct Admission):Candidates interested to take the admission through Institute Quota (Direct Admission) as per the Govt. Norms required to Contact Institutes office personally with all related documents.

Admission procedure
There are two ways as given:1.Through Centralized Counselling:Students interested to take admission in B Tech/Lateral Entry/M.Tech/Diploma may appear in the Online off campus Counselling conducted by “Directorate of Technical Education, Madhya Pradesh” The detailed schedule and updates of the counselling will be available on website www.dtempcounselling.org and on website as:-  www.mponline.gov.in and also published in leading news papers.2.Through Instittue Quota(Direct Admission):Candidates interested to take the admission through Institute Quota (Direct Admission) as per the Govt. Norms required to Contact Institutes office personally with all related documents.

How to apply?
There are two ways as given:1.Through Centralized Counselling:Students interested to take admission in B Tech/Lateral Entry/M.Tech/Diploma may appear in the Online off campus Counselling conducted by “Directorate of Technical Education, Madhya Pradesh” The detailed schedule and updates of the counselling will be available on website www.dtempcounselling.org and on website as:-  www.mponline.gov.in and also published in leading news papers.2.Through Instittue Quota(Direct Admission):Candidates interested to take the admission through Institute Quota (Direct Admission) as per the Govt. Norms required to Contact Institutes office personally with all related documents.

How to get admitted?
There are two ways as given:1.Through Centralized Counselling:Students interested to take admission in B Tech/Lateral Entry/M.Tech/Diploma may appear in the Online off campus Counselling conducted by “Directorate of Technical Education, Madhya Pradesh” The detailed schedule and updates of the counselling will be available on website www.dtempcounselling.org and on website as:-  www.mponline.gov.in and also published in leading news papers.2.Through Instittue Quota(Direct Admission):Candidates interested to take the admission through Institute Quota (Direct Admission) as per the Govt. Norms required to Contact Institutes office personally with all related documents.

How many companies come for placement?
More than 70 companies are come like Nagarro,Vedantu,Wipro,Xoriant,Blazeclan,Persistent,Capgemini,Infosys, BYJU'S etc.

Who are the Recruiters?
There are several recruiters like Nagarro,Vedantu,Wipro,Xoriant,Blazeclan,Persistent,Capgemini,Infosys, BYJU'S etc.

What is the placement criteria?
The Institute has partnered with firms to provide the best platforms in the industry to our students. We have partnered with Cocubes for online assessments. The Institute has tied-up with learning centers & bodies, to improve the students’ communication& soft skills.More than 70 companies came for recruitement:like Nagarro,Vedantu,Wipro,Xoriant,Blazeclan,Persistent,Capgemini,Infosys, BYJU'S etc.

How many percentage students take placements?
Almost 100% students can get placement.The highest salary offered is about 15 lakhs and minimum salary offered is about 3 lakhs. 

How many strength of Employees and Students?
An employee strength of 350+, student strength of more than 5000.

Is there any Canteen facility?
A clean and hygienic canteen provides meals and snacks to students through the day. Serious attention is paid on quality control of all food material, the cooking methods, hygiene and sanitation. It is also ensured by constant interaction between the management/canteen committee and the contractor that variety as per the requirement of students is maintained in the canteen menu.

Vision
To be an academic leader for the development of human  potential so as to meet the global challenges.

Mission
To create an intellectually stimulating learning environment. To impart value based, innovative, and research oriented education. To develop positive attitude with communication skills.To increase employability and entrepreneurship through collaboration with industries and professional organizations.

Is there is any festival is celebrating or not?
Yes, There are many fest which we celebrate from time to time.Some of them are:1.Ardor:Ardor, the annual cultural festival of Acropolis is an event full of colourful performances, excitement and enjoyment.  The students take complete responsibility of the event, right from planning and organising to execution. Competitions like dance, singing, musical games and fine arts bring out the best of the artistic talents of the students. The annual function also gives the audiences a distinct flavour with exciting and colourful activities like special performances, fashion shows,etc. 2.Armageddon:The national technical festival, Armageddon is organised annually by Acropolis Institute of Technology & Research, has constantly witnessed great response, with participants from all over the country. Various activities are held over a period of 2-3 days, which challenge the engineering acumen of the contestants. Project and Paper Presentations, IT Quiz, Electronics Junkyard, Programming Contests, etc give ample opportunities to the students to showcase their technical know-how. Robo-war, Robo-soccer and Robo-trax keep the robot fanatics interested while the gaming enthusiasts can engage themselves in LAN-gaming, Gully Cricket, Online Treasure Hunt, etc. The students and teams not only get chances/opportunities to reveal their outstanding technical talents but get awarded for the same as well.

Is there any Lab Facility?
There are well-equipped and well-maintained laboratories for all engineering and computer departments to give the students appropriate practical training to meet requirements of their concerned fields.1.Computer Labs:While the computer department has more than 450 computers in the laboratories, the institutes all together have 1600 systems to fulfill the requirements of students.2.Civil Engineering Labs and Constultancy:Well-developed civil labs are available for students as well as for consultancy projects3.Mechanical Workshop:The institute has excellent workshop facilities for designing and fabrication of equipment. It has various sections like carpentry, filing, foundry, welding, machine shop, etc. Latest equipment is being added to the mechanical engineering workshop with Lathe Machines, Drill Machines, Electrical Furnace, among others.4.English Language Lab:There is a unique English language lab that facilitates the students in acquiring language skills by improving their diction, pronunciation, presentation & communication skills through activities like group discussions, personality development sessions, etc.

When was the college established?
It was established in the year 2005.

What is the job placement rate?
Almost 100% students can get placement.The highest salary offered is about 15 lakhs and minimum salary offered is about 3 lakhs. 

 How diverse is this campus?
Campus is very diversified.Our campus have a lot to offer for our students.Several playgrounds like basketball ground,etc are available along with canteen and well furnished auditorium and many more to explore.

What is the admission helpline number?
Admission Helpline number:#########

What is AITR?
Acropolis Institute of Technology and Research (AITR) is a private engineering institution which is situated in Indore in Madhya Pradesh.

What are the affiliations?
The College is Accredited by NBA( National Board of Accreditation),DAVV and RGPV.

What is the infrastructure?How many classrooms are there?
There are 62 classrooms available along with 23 Tutorial rooms,75 laboratories,2 Drawing Halls,2 Computer centres and central examination etc.Institute is having barrier free built environment for disabled and elderly persons.

Is there any auditorium?
We have a well furnished, centrally air conditioned auditorium fully equipped with modern gadgets, has a seating capacity of more than 250.It is used on a regular basis for various academic activities like training sessions, guest lectures, conferences, MDPs, EDPs, FDPs, pre-placement talks and several cultural activities.

Transportation is there?
Bus facility is provided from various parts of Indore,Ujjain ,Dewas every day for both faculty as well as students.

What is the address of college?
Manglia ByPass Road Indore, MP, 452001

Contact No.?
0731-4730000 and Email id:-info@acropolis.in

How to contact?
0731-4730000 and Email id:-info@acropolis.in

Thank You
Your Welcome 😄

Thanks
Your Welcome 😄

Bye
Thank You for visiting !

Are you a bot? 
Yes I am Acrobot😄

..
I don't understand!

